In the next few videos in this section,
we're going to be using a way to view
our database tables without leaving IntelliJ.
Now the Ultimate Editions of IntelliJ and Pycharm
include a plugin already called Database Tools and Sequel.
But, unfortunately, that plugin's not available
in the Community Editions of both versions of that software.
So to compensate, we're going to instal another plugin
that is available called Database Navigator.
Again, just on those Community Editions.
And it behaved in a similar manner, in fact,
its view of the database schema's
slightly better than the Ultimate Edition plugin.
So I'm going to introduce both plugins
and I've produced separate videos
for the Ultimate and Community editions.
Now if you're using the Ultimate edition
of IntelliJ or PyCharm,
then follow the instructions, in the next video,
the one titled Ultimate Edition Database View.
You can skip the video after that.
Because that one's for the Community Edition.
And if you're using the Community Edition
of IntelliJ or PyCharm,
then instead skip the next video
and watch the one after that.
And that one's called the Community Edition Database Plugin.
And once you finished setting up the database,
you'll be able to use that
and get access to our gooey interface for database access,
which is a lot more streamlined
and easier to use than the command line.
So move forward to the appropriate video.
And get started and I'll see you in that video.